this is what I did to achieve this spend
as much time upside down as possible
because you got to be good at handstands
first use counters refrigerators Corners
people
okay anything that can assist you until
you no longer need it then the anterior
deltoid is next and weights can
definitely help but since the skill
involves your body weight you might as
well use your body weight in a normal
push-up position all you have to do is
lean forward so you challenge the
shoulders more directly way harder than
it looks then get good at l-sit start
with one leg at a time then you're gonna
do both legs at the same time and the
further forward your hands go the harder
it gets till eventually you will be able
to hold the l-sit if your hands can't
really touch the ground you just have to
round your spine and then you'll be able
to do it I'll do a spinal Mobility video
next then you put it all together